#twitter_ebooks

I've updated the instructions since previous versions so that they will go a bit more smoothly for newcomers.

This is an update to https://github.com/patrickt/twitter_ebooks, which is an update to clonepa's version, which is an update to postcasio's version, which is an update to thom's version.

Non-standard twitter dependencies:
* python-Levenshtein - http://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-Levenshtein/
* cobe - https://github.com/pteichman/cobe
* twitter - https://pypi.python.org/pypi/twitter
* yaml – http://pyyaml.org
* simplejson

Use `pip` and `virtualenv` and you can install them all automatically and without clobbering existing features.

This update comes with some new features:
- Centralized Tweeting Code
- Now matches identical tweets (happens often if you have small amounts of initial tweet data.)
- Option in the configuration file to filter URLs
- Feed greptweet.com text files directly to process.py and it removes all the junk for you automatically for easier setup

###REQUIREMENTS

- Any decent linux distro. OS X works too.
- A new twitter account 
- The files from this package. Just unzip them into a folder in your user folder (here on out referred to as the ebooks folder)

###CREATE APP
- Log into dev.twitter.com with your bot account. Then clicky: https://dev.twitter.com/apps
- Click create new application and fill out everything but callback url.
- Click on your new application and go into settings. Here, change the application type to Read and Write. Update settings and return the details tab. Here, scroll to the bottom and click 'create my access token'.
- Copy these four values: 
  - consumer key 
  - consumer secret 
  - access token 
  - access token secret 
- Verify that access level is 'read and write'.

###INSTALL PYTHON DEPENDENCIES

(This will assume that you have installed python-distribute through your package manager.)
  - Now download twitter_ebooks https://github.com/patrickt/twitter_ebooks/tarball/master 
  - Make sure you have 'pip', the python distribution manager installed.
    - `pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - You may need gcc and python-devel. Get them from your package manager.

###CREATE YOUR ROBOT 

- Edit the YAML file in the botrc file.
- Put the values you saved from your application earlier in the 'api' bit.
- Follow the instructions for the remainder of the config file. It's well commented 

###DO THIS IN ORDER

- Download your Twitter archive. There will be a `tweets.csv` file inside. Move that into the twitter_ebooks folder. 
- Then run `python2 process.py`. This will parse your csv file and create a text file
 `python2 learn.py` (This is only necessary if you enabled auto-learning. This sets the initial "last tweet learned" so you do not feed the bot a tweet twice. on arch this must be python2 learn.py) 
-`cobe learn tweets.txt`, where `tweets.txt` is the file generated by `process.py` above. In my case, the generated file was called `tweets.txt`. 

Your bot is now ready! test it locally (this won't tweet anything) with:
`python twert.py -o`

When this is to your liking, you can do a final 'live' test by doing:
`python twert.py`

###AUTOMATE YOUR ROBOT

Chuck this into your crontab:

    0 * * * * python2 ~/twitter_ebooks/twert.py > /dev/null
    0,30 * * * * python2 ~/twitter_ebooks/reply.py > /dev/null
    0 0 * * * python2 ~/twitter_ebooks/learn.py > /dev/null

**REMEMBER THAT THE DIRECTORIES GIVEN ARE EXAMPLES AND THAT YOU NEED TO CHANGE THEM TO REFLECT WHERE THE SCRIPT AND BRAIN ACTUALLY ARE**

These directives will make the bot tweet once an hour, reply to tweets twice an hour, and learn new tweets once a day at midnight. Look up how cron works if you want to change this.

(I removed the instructions on how to replace crontab intentionally so you don't end up deleting your existing cron jobs. Look this up if you're not sure how to do it please.)

> "Your bot is ready! Go retweet it or something, NERD"
